DOCS-12618 custom namespaces (#549)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/create-custom-namespace.adoc

----
+
* Replace `<YOUR_ENVIRONMENT_NAME>` with the name of your namespace.
* Replace `<YOUR_ANYPOINT_PLATFORM_ENVIRONMENT_ID>` with the correct ID for your environment.

After you run these commands, any application deployed into an Anypoint Platform environment identified by `<YOUR_ANYPOINT_PLATFORM_ENVIRONMENT_ID>` is created inside the `<YOUR_ENVIRONMENT_NAME>` namespace.

== Troubleshooting Custom Namespaces

If you encounter errors when attempting to create namespaces for Runtime Fabric, troubleshoot them as follows.

=== More Than One Namespace Uses the Same Environment ID

Imagine that you created more than one namespace using the same environment ID, as shown in the following example:

----
$ kubectl get ns custom-namespace-1 -oyaml
labels:
    rtf.mulesoft.com/envId: b164ad54-7e15-4c8b-a7ab-18011a361d81
    rtf.mulesoft.com/role: workers
 
$ kubectl get ns custom-namespace-2 -oyaml
labels:
    rtf.mulesoft.com/envId: b164ad54-7e15-4c8b-a7ab-18011a361d81
    rtf.mulesoft.com/role: workers
----
  
In such cases, Runtime Fabric always uses the first namespace you created. Additionally, note the following about namespace and environment ID conflicts:

> * If you delete the first namespace (`custom-namespace-1`), Runtime Fabric uses the second namespace you created (`custom-namespace-2`).

Reviewer: @hegderohit89 Can you please confirm this behavior? I think it will just error out.

Reviewer 2: Yes that right we just need: (removed first 2 points)

```suggestion
In such cases,

* Runtime Fabric fails the deployment and creates an error message in Runtime Manager.
* Before you delete a namespace, ensure that you have not deployed any production applications into that namespace.
```

Reviewer 2: Do we need `Before you delete a namespace` --> `Before you delete the duplicate namespace`

Author: ok updated the PR with this change

> == Creating Namespaces for Application Deployments 

Reviewer 3: Creating > Create, for actual task steps topic

Anypoint Runtime Fabric version 1.12 or later enables you to create your own namespaces for application deployments. 

When you deploy an application into an Anypoint Platform environment, Runtime Fabric creates a new default namespace using the identifier of the environment. However, if you can create or modify a namespace with the appropriate Kubernetes labels, Runtime Fabric deploys applications into that namespace instead of into the default namespace.   

To create a namespace:

. As a user with permissions to create a namespace, log in to a Kubernetes workstation.
. Run the following commands:
+
----
kubectl create ns <YOUR_ENVIRONMENT_NAME>
kubectl label ns <YOUR_ENVIRONMENT_NAME> rtf.mulesoft.com/role=workers rtf.mulesoft.com/envId=<YOUR_ANYPOINT_PLATFORM_ENVIRONMENT_ID>
----
+
* Replace `<YOUR_ENVIRONMENT_NAME>` with the name of your namespace.

> * Replave `<YOUR_ANYPOINT_PLATFORM_ENVIRONMENT_ID>` with the correct ID for your environment.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Replace `<YOUR_ANYPOINT_PLATFORM_ENVIRONMENT_ID>` with the correct ID for your environment.
```

After you run these commands, any application deployed into an Anypoint Platform environment identified by `<YOUR_ANYPOINT_PLATFORM_ENVIRONMENT_ID>` is created inside the `<YOUR_ENVIRONMENT_NAME>` namespace.

== Troubleshooting Custom Namespaces

If you encounter errors when attempting to create namespaces for Runtime Fabric, troubleshoot them as follows.

=== More Than One Namespace Uses the Same Environment ID

> Scenario: You created more than one namespace using the same environment ID.
> 
> For example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Imagine that you created more than one namespace using the same environment ID, as shown in the following example:
```

----
$ kubectl get ns custom-namespace-1 -oyaml
labels:
    rtf.mulesoft.com/envId: b164ad54-7e15-4c8b-a7ab-18011a361d81
    rtf.mulesoft.com/role: workers
 
$ kubectl get ns custom-namespace-2 -oyaml
labels:
    rtf.mulesoft.com/envId: b164ad54-7e15-4c8b-a7ab-18011a361d81
    rtf.mulesoft.com/role: workers
----
  
In such cases, Runtime Fabric always picks the first namespace you created. 

> Additionally:

Reviewer 3: Similar situation to the previous, this is a bit terse for formal-ish doc. 
I look at it as a potential stumbling block for nonnative English-language audiences, but I could be underestimating this audience.

> * If you delete the first namespace (`custom-namespace-1`), Runtime Fabric picks the second namespace you created (`custom-namespace-2`).

Reviewer 3: "picks" the best term here? "uses"?

> * If a namespace using the environment ID already exists, and you create a new namespace, Runtime Fabric deploy apps in the default namespace instead of the new namespace.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* If a namespace using the environment ID already exists, and you create a new namespace with the same environment ID, Runtime Fabric deploys apps into the preexisting namespace instead of the new namespace.
```

> *  If multiple namespaces use the same `Environment_ID` label, Runtime Fabric fails the deployment and creates an error message in Runtime Manager. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* If multiple namespaces use the same `Environment_ID` label, Runtime Fabric fails the deployment and creates an error message in Runtime Manager. 
```
"fails the deployment"?

> * Before you delete a namespace, ensure you have not deployed any production applications into that namespace.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Before you delete a namespace, ensure that you have not deployed any production applications into that namespace.
```
